what is going on youtube it is Donny
from Johnny and Jeff here and I'm doing
a little Lego tutorial basically damn I
TJ I make a lego trench coat here are
some trench coats made or on display i
guess this is the heath ledger joker and
the bane from the dark knight rises i
think the both came out really good i
will be doing a review on these guys i
just wanted to once your dollar the
trench coat it can be a pain to get the
figure on to a little stand all right
there and so i'll be doing review on
these guys i'm going to win but they're
on display now tip 2 how to make it put
it in a knee is pair of scissors and a
piece of paper you can see everything
using this make one what you're going to
want to do is you're going to want to
cut out um a rectangle and i'll show you
what cut how you I in size I can't stand
when things are like angling one lane
and put the tray on the other side storm
looks good okay you should have a
rectangle bout this big then you're
going to want to try to you want to take
these two flaps on the long side and try
to meet them try to make a meet in the
middle without having to fold paper in
half if you have to go ahead but try to
do it without having to do it because
sometimes the all these bends might end
up making the trench coat look bad I'm a
minifigure so it can take a second to do
it
okay so there I'm gonna do that this is
the bold meet the edge inside there's a
little gap sorry that doesn't be perfect
then take your scissors and instead of
just cutting a little snip you want to
kind of curl a little hole out cut a
little hole out on the side so you can
get the armholes basically want to have
it as big as possible without making it
too big all right just like that do that
on the sides I'll make them too big but
like I said trimming as big as possible
don't make it look to be just you can
know that many things arms will fit in
there okay see you shall have it like
that once you're done you want to open
it up and you want to see the arms when
I make sure any figures arms fit in
there and then once you're done you want
to take the long side fold it back not
like all the way like that justice I
barely like you want to fold it back
behind them so wait so this is the front
of it or the worthy of any fingers arms
will be inserted you want to fold it
back to make the collar and you want to
make it just so the collar folds over it
just barely well it clearly covers
people whatever just do basically that
okay now I'll get a main thing here just
to get Tim Drake figure okay going to
pull his arms back like this in order to
put it on so that you want to just
simply start to you want to fold this
little just the arms and it could take a
second your first time but once you
start to get the hang of it will be easy
in the future
each color gets in the way you just fold
it so you kind of cover them around
almost like a hot dog I guess you can
say hold it like that and then push the
arms so they're back in their original
position you want to pop the collar up
I'm gonna pop the collar back stuff
sometimes okay so you should ever use
this kind of construction be very use a
different type earlier then you should
have that then there is clearly a little
too much fix it up
okay so once you're done you should have
something like this try to pop the
collar more this one really didn't come
out too well yeps basically that's how I
make my lego trench coats and camera he
doing that I always end up not being the
shot um that is how you make a trench
coat that's how I make mine like I said
if you have any other ways you make
yours tell me please I don't know why
this is doing this like I it's because
the arm holes bigger on this side you'll
notice that this one has a little more
paper coming out and this one you'd see
it like that you can see this one
overlaps or this one overlaps a little
more that's a good it's weird for me
whatever but I think I like me just
because the armhole sides if you know
what I mean but if you don't don't even
bother worry about it we will have some
upcoming videos more reviews hopefully
hopefully I get Ross involved the
problem is is that he's been with his
uncle I I start football practice this
week so I have basically full time
football except for the weekends until
school starts once school starts
shockingly clearly of hopefully
uploading more videos but will have to
just see how it goes so thank you guys
for watching again move my 22 times I've
used them and make up the third even
though i'm not going to keep us on helix
and beard Oh in order to take off the
trench coat if you ever wanted to I
should probably mention this you just
simply do it basically you're reversing
it to troll the arms back out and that
looks orange from reason i am i'm
looking at the camera just pull the arm
fact like that you just simply pull it
off now it's going to end up getting
bent like this you should see a couple
wrinkles in there so you'll end up
having to make a couple more draw time
but up in our heart so yeah
the upcoming video I will tell you what
it's going to be a stop-motion animation
first I made and I use the lego
superhero movie maker app on iPod Touch
much ref I made it for android iphone
and ipad like i said i'm not sure about
android but it's great app unfortunately
no voices basically it's a Bruce Wayne
assassination and I will be doing a
little review on what I use for that so
that'll be up thanks stars for watching
like comment subscribe if you are a fan
send in your random pictures we don't
know if we'll be continuing that the
late just be a two-time thing and we
might just end it there we're not
positive so we'll just have to see how
things go again sorry we're up now
blowing videos a lot but anyway that'll
be it guys and I'll talk to you later